https://codepen.io/JMcCully/pen/YzVqwep?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML is using the correct HTML tags to make your code easier to read by others as well as screen readers and search bots.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to structure a web page.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes modify HTML element types and are put inside the opening tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tag is used to display the title of a page or most important line and should be used only once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Img, a.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Meta Data.

    7. What is an id? 
    An ID is given to an element for styling purposes.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any tag can have a ID.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Each ID can only be used once.

    10. What is a class? 
    A class is used for styling and can be useful if you want multiple things styled.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    You can add a class to any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Multiple.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank".

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    It is used for broken images and screen readers.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #idname. 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is more Semantic while div is only for styling purposes.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used for styling a page.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    ID can only be used once while class can be used multiple times.
    you might use a id to bookmark sections of your website, while using class more for styling sections of your site.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {

    }.

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector allows you to select the parent and all elements inside the parent, it is useful when you want the parent and child to have similar styles.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar links {

    }.

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector selects elements in certain states such as hover.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-change: capitals;
    text-change: lowercase;
    text-change: Capitalize;.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }.

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {

    }.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */.

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm filename you need to be careful because once you press enter you wont be able to get that file back, there is no confirmation and is doesn't go into the recycle bin.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It allows for collaboration and helps to save multiple versions of projects so that you can go to previous version if something goes wrong with merge.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    After getting a major feature completed or every 20 mins.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin full-name.

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork it, copy the http, git clone http, git checkout -b full.name, cd into the branch, code ., work on project, save project, git add ., git commit -m "detailed message about what you did", git push -u origin full-name, pull request, submit pull request.


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
